The Joe Rogan.
Experience, but they went to decision.
I honestly, I wouldn't mind, um,
Tyson getting into his camp and just even just kind of mentoring him a bit
like Mike Tyson. Um,
I feel like somebody like that would really help a guy like the, and I mean,
it's not like he needs a lot. Right. But like somebody like Mike Tyson being,
being, being around,
just having him to like call on and talk to sometimes Tyson.
Doesn't really want to have anything to do with boxy anymore, though. It seems.
And, and maybe.
Maybe not even in the gym, maybe just somebody to talk to once in a while,
just for maybe some strategy, maybe even about strategy sometimes, you know,
because I feel, I don't know. I forget exactly what it was,
but there was a moment when I was watching Deontay Wilder and then there was
something, I think when Mike was in here, something, he was talking about that,
uh, I was just like, man, those two should get connected.
Mm that's interesting. I was, I was a long time ago. I,
and I was living in Texas. I got a phone call at like,
like 2:00 AM and my was one of my buddies. This is my buddy Lynn oing.
And I was like, um, I don't, I don't wanna answer that, man. I'm trying,
I'm sleeping. I bed with my wife, I'm sleeping, he calls.
And then the next morning I listen to my voicemail and he is like, Ave Eve, Hey,
if you get this, call me back. I'm like using a club and he like,
somebody wants to talk to you. And he has the phone.
He's like E Atworth ewe <laugh>
I was so. God. I was like, man, I missed a phone call from Mike Tyson.
Like he ran into him in the club or something. I was like,
Mike Tyson knows my name.
Dude. I met him at the, at the UFC. And he is like you that we got.
No he's that.
Weed guy. Well, he, I mean, he was into weed back then, but it was like,
that's what he said goes, he goes, I like you, man. You're funny. I'm like,
thank you so glad you like me.
<Laugh> <laugh>.
And then having him in here was so surreal because when I was a kid,
he was the man. Yeah. I mean, he was the,
you would go to you'd pay to see his fights just to watch him somebody up.
It wasn't a fight. It was an execution. You would watch him execute guys. Yeah.
He was the man.
He was the man. He changed heavyweight boxing.
People don't realize that heavyweight boxing in the early eighties was dead.
Nobody cared because Larry Holmes, after he beat Muhammad Ali,
everybody was sad. It was like a sad thing.
Like there was a changing in the guard.
Larry Holmes beat the outta Muhammad Ali and Larry Holmes never got his due.
He never got his due. He was so good, man. Yeah. Larry was so good.
He had one of the best jabs of all time. He was so good.
But people were still upset at him because he up Muhammad Ali. He came,
he was the champ after the greatest, you know, and not Muhammad Lee.
Wasn't just the greatest in terms of like the greatest fighter,
he was a cultural icon. Yeah. He meant something to people. Something lot of,
I mean,
everyone knew the guy was out for three years because he protested the Vietnam
war. Everybody hated the Vietnam war. Especially people who went to Vietnam,
hated the Vietnam war. And they, you know, they, they got it man.
And he just, he meant a lot. He meant a lot. So when Larry Holmes came around,
it's like, man, Larry just never got his due, ever got his due.
That, um, that era of boxing. I remember going back,
watching tape mm-hmm <affirmative> and, and doing that.
And that's the one thing I appreciate about Tyson, you know? Yes. Like he,
he was a student. Yes.
Um, thank God.
He knew Jim Jacobs who had that crazy library that he could get all that,
you know, Jim Jacobs was the guy who curated,
like he has every old time fight. All of them.
He would watch sugary Robinson and Jack.
Dempsey. And he's watching like Willie pep.
And he is not only watching like the.
Heavyweights. Yeah. He watched every, oh yeah. Harry grab.
He watched all those guys, all old, all and weird obscure fighters, you know,
guys that most people don't remember in anymore.
Yeah. That, that, that era of boxing was very different.
Sandy Sadler and you know, all those guys, he would watch all those guys. Yeah.
That era of boxing before him was terrible.
It's like he had champs like pink and Thomas and Tony Tubbs and no one cared
about the heavyweight division.
And then he came along and just started blasting people. And you know,
like finally.
I remember I was, I was like seven or eight years old. I met Trevor Buric.
He was down in The Bahamas for a fight.
And that's that's who Tyson took his belt from. Right.
Got his first belt from 20.
Years old. Yeah. That crazy like 20, 20.
Now you're the heavyweight.
Champion. And then, well, that was the thing talking to him about it.
Like what was that like? And it's just, there's no way he could manage it. Yeah.
No one can manage that.
You're gonna go crazy. I feel like his career and his life,
would've been very different if KU died when he did.
I think so too. Yeah. I think so too. It's a, it's a tragic story,
but it's also like, there's so many lessons in that story. It's like,
for all of us, it's like, there's a lot to learn, you know,
that what happened when it got all the way to bus Douglas, when it was like,
he thought felt like he can't lose and he was in this rare state, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah. The like his life, like he's, he's had so many ups and downs and,
and as,
as the heavyweight cha and like to be somebody that's the heavyweight champion
of the world, somebody with so many eyes on them, you know,
the Robin given that whole, that whole song in his life, you know? Um,
I remember they, I forget who was it?
Oprah when they were being interviewed and, um, they were on,
they were on the show and he just, he just kinda looked like,
I feel like Mike Tyson and that interview was like those tigers that people walk
with that they drug. Yes.
You know what I mean? Yeah. Perfect. Perfect way to describe it, man.
They probably medicated him. Yeah.
Cause he did, he did not look. He,
he just didn't seem like the Mike Tyson who I was a fan of. Right.
Like I didn't dislike him in that moment. I was just like,
what's wrong with him?
Meanwhile, well, who the? I mean, it had to be her idea. If I was this friend,
we go, why were you go, why are you gonna talk to Barbara?
Streisand's what Barbara Walters, whoever it was, get the outta here.
Same thing. Barbara Streisand. Barbara Walters, to me saying,
you talking to some old lady, you're the heavyweight champ of the world.
Get outta here with that talk. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is nonsense.
And you're gonna bring your wife. What, what, what are you doing? What,
what benefit is there in this?
Yeah, it is Def. It is. Well, I can't say definitely, but my,
my assumption is it was Robin.
Gibbs. She emasculated him. Yeah.
She emasculated him in front of the world and you know,
and I think afterwards he realized what happened. He was furious. Yeah.
But it's like that life is unmanageable. His, the life that he,
he lived back then was unmanageable. He was the king of the world.
He was in his twenties. He was buck wild, just going crazy.
Flatlining people everywhere. He went,
people would throw rose pedals at his feet and screaming, cheering fans.
It's unmanageable. He's too young.
Imagine me though. Poor
adopted black kid.
With no love in your.
Life. Life. No love in your life until yeah. Until you're 13.
And then you come into all of this money because
you're the best fighter in the world.
Like there's what could he possibly be afraid of then too? Nothing.
Right. Pet tigers, bro. <laugh>
He wrestle with him? I mean,
that was the crazy thing of him talking about when he found out that he could
get a tiger. Yeah. It's like what? I could get a tiger <laugh>
but he's so humble now. It's so interesting. And one of the thing,
more interesting things that he said that he doesn't train because he doesn't
want to, and, and he doesn't wanna fire his ego up. You, you know, he's like,
I don't like that part of me. I don't want that part of me to come out again.
I don't, I.
Don't want it. Wasn't there video of him, like,
like I understand he doesn't train anymore, but wasn't there video of,
I think last year,
just before he came in here and spoke to you where he is hitting a heavy bag.
I think it was a little bit longer ago than that, but yeah,
he was doing it for something. He still can crack, man. Yeah.
Still scary power is.
The last thing. Well, do you see that scene?
He's doing a movie and there's a scene in a bar.
They're they're they're doing something and he just shows them a combination.
He just punches in the air. No warm up lightning, fast jab hook,
upper cut, right hand. It's like, yikes. It's all still there, man.
50 years old, still.
You up. And that was, that was, I like,
he was the heavyweight champion of my childhood, you know? Yes, mine too.
Muhammad Ali came before I, you know.
But, but again, Larry Holmes just doesn't get the credit.
It's like for whatever reason, it's just like in the first round, when,
when Tyson fought Larry Holmes, it made me think like,
what would've been like if Larry was in his prime. Cause when they fought,
Larry was like 36 or something that somewhere around there,
it was already kinda over for him. Yep. And Mike was Mike. I mean,
Mike was black shoes. No socks. There it is right here. Why she,
he, and then the weave. Yeah. I mean he just can't help. I mean,
that was like built into his system, you know?
<laugh> a head movement with deli. He was, he was such an interesting guy too,
because he was only like five, he's probably like 5, 10, 5 11.
I think he's like five, 10 and a half. Something like that to be a heavy way.
And just so low and bobbing and weaving and moving in. And everybody was like,
Jesus. Yeah. Like you see him coming out. You're like,
like his head's right in your chest.
And then he's ripping your body and then upper that right hook to the body and
then upper cup behind it that he used on.
Everybody used it on Frank Bruno used it on everybody. Boom. Wow.
Right up the middle. It's hard to him with fancy Francis.
Really Francis it's harder. Yeah. He hits harder. I think. So. I think,
I think Mike Tyson was a way better boxer. Yeah.
But I think if Mike Tyson can hit,
like Francis does just Francis just has to clip you.
He just like what he did to junior. He just he's dumb.
Obviously they're different gloves. Obviously.
I just think Francis is such a way bigger, man. Yeah. You know,
Mike at his prime was like 2 0 9, 2 15 around then I remember on, on,
on punch out. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I, I never beat him. <laugh> never beat him.